What sense is most closely linked to memory?;Smell;What does Simon Wiesenthal hunt?;Fugitive Nazis;What animal was paraded through the streets of Paris on Mardi Gras to remind people not to eat meat during Lent?;An ox;What woman was arrested for voting in the 1872 election for U.S. president?;Susan B. Anthony;What U.S. city’s drivers log 142 million miles daily, as far as from Earth to Mars?;Los Angeles;What was the largest city in the U.S. when the first census was taken in 1790?;Phildelphia;What city's drivers owe over $460 million in parking fines?;New York City;What snack food did a University of South Florida engineering professor spend six years studying the crunch of?;Potato chips;What became America’s first organized sport, in 1664?;Horse Racing;What sport causes 18,000 facial injuries each year in U.S. kids aged 5 to 14?;Baseball;What U.S. city was once know as Federal City?;Washington DC;What U.S. city did Indiana Jones take off from on his adventures in Raiders of the Lost Ark?;San Francisco;How many Rocky movies were made by 1990?;5;Which of the 48 contiguous U.S. states has the fewest people?;Wyoming;How many colors are there in a rainbow?;7;How many nose jobs has Michael Jackson had, as of 1991, according to the book Michael Jackson: The Magic and the Madness?;6;Why is the funny bone so called?;Humerus;What Charles Dickens character said: "Please, sir, I want some more"?;Oliver Twist;What U.S. president's middle initial "S" did not stand for a name?;Harry S Truman;How many minor league homeruns did Babe Ruth hit?;1;How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth, to the nearest day?;27;How many colors are in the rainbow;7;What French port did 200,000 British troops flee on June 4, 1940?;Dunkirk;What army publishes the newspaper The War Cry?;The Salvation Army;What state’s gourmets devour 3.6 cans of Spam per second, double the rate of the rest of the U.S.?;Hawaii;What president had solar panels installed on the white house roof?;Jimmy Carter;Who was the only U.S. president to have earned a Ph.D.?;Woodrow Wilson;What’s the fastest swimming marine mammal?;Killer Whale;What team sport's rules were first printed in 1892 in the newspaper of a Springfield, Massachusetts YMCA training school?;Basketball;What western state led the U.S. in percent increase in population from 1980 to 1989?;Neveda;What U.S. state boasts the most car owners?;California;How many of every four Americans say that they believe in astrology?;1;How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target?;4;What player squats an average of 300 times during a doubleheader?;Catcher | 

33 q & a

